docs(Schematics): adding docs for api flag (ngrx/platform#1574) (#1577)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/schematics/feature.md

  - Alias: `-r`
  - Type: `string`

> Add flag to specify if API Success and Failure `actions`, `effects` and `reducers` should be added to feature.

Reviewer: Use the description that's provided from within the cli.

```suggestion
Specifies if api success and failure actions, reducer, and effects should be generated as part of this feature.
```
